Clarify rules and how to enable them (#21860)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/base-types/string-comparison-net-5-plus.md

### Enable code analyzers

[Code analyzers](../../fundamentals/code-analysis/overview.md) can detect possibly buggy call sites. To help guard against any surprising behaviors, we recommend enabling .NET compiler platform (Roslyn) analyzers in your project. The analyzers help flag code that might inadvertently be using a linguistic comparer when an ordinal comparer was likely intended. The following rules should help flag these issues:

- [CA1307: Specify StringComparison for clarity](../../fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1307.md)
- [CA1309: Use ordinal StringComparison](../../fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1309.md)
- [CA1310: Specify StringComparison for correctness](../../fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1310.md)

> Enable the analyzer through the SDK by setting the following project properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These specific rules aren't enabled by default. To enable them and show any violations as build errors, set the following properties in your project file:
```

```xml
<PropertyGroup>

>   <EnableNETAnalyzers>true</EnableNETAnalyzers>

Reviewer: This is only necessary if the project targets a version earlier than .NET 5.0. Otherwise, .NET analyzers are already enabled.

  <AnalysisMode>AllEnabledByDefault</AnalysisMode>
  <WarningsAsErrors>$(WarningsAsErrors);CA1307;CA1309;CA1310</WarningsAsErrors>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> For more information about enabling code analyzers, see [Enable or install first-party .NET analyzers](/visualstudio/code-quality/install-net-analyzers?view=vs-2019&preserve-view=true).

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should link off to the VS docs here. People that use a different code editor will not like that. If you think there's something missing from code-analysis/overview.md, e.g. how to install the NuGet package, we should add that info there instead, and then link there.

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet shows examples of code that produces the relevant code analyzer warnings or errors.
```
